Not at all, not at all.
Norma and I just kind of got in here.
We were in a meeting together before this
and I think we start trying to get our
heads back on our shoulders here. So
Okay.
Yeah,
I knocked Sean's head off last meeting,
Okay.
so give me a moment.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
Is that fun a meeting with it?
Yeah.
I.
Yeah, in fact, it's so much fun.
I really need to talk to you.
Yeah.
Exactly right.
That's how much fun I made it, Andrew.
No.
It was so much fun,
you really need to talk to me,
is that what you said?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Help.
Okay.
Without boring everybody,
we're trying to delete customer rollups
and we're finding some.
Customers are haven't been updated
appropriate to their new roll-up code.
Yeah.
Not in such command.
Lovely.
In MDS, in MDS.
Okay, in MDS, okay.
Yeah,
so I need to research that a little bit,
see what's breaking, but that's a...
So the customer sync,
the customer sync and the MDS is having
problems.
Maybe, maybe. I want to look at,
I keep stage data around and I couldn't
Direct.
Help.
find that customer.
What I want to do is take a look at
Yeah.
Snowflake after this and just make sure
it's there. But anyway.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's beyond the scope of this meeting.
This meeting is to talk about UDID
Okay.
mappings.
We have specifically for how we want to
Bye.
handle ATPI.
Yeah.
Yeah,
so I'll give a little bit of background
Um...
on this. Historically,
the only ATPI stuff we were mapping was
when we also had UDIDS or Avenir for the
US side or Canada side.
The.
What we are actually doing,
instead of doing a different mapping for
ATPI,
we're just adding any customer IDs for
ATPI to a different location in CentComm.
And then all of those customer IDs we
added for ATPI got all the same unit
mappings.
as whatever original source customer ID
we added them to.
I don't remember exactly where that's
shown in CentComm.
Maybe Cindy could show that to us quickly.
But that doesn't work for standalone
situation,
which is where now we've got ATPI
customers on Avenir.
who are not global and there is no US
presence.
So we can't just add them to a US
customer ID.
We can't just add all the global customer
IDs to that customer ID the way we've
been doing it. Now,
temporarily for the short term,
they are sticking with that process.
They agreed to stick with that process
and make garbage customer IDs in.
US CentComm command just so we can map in
the global customer IDs or the ATPI
customer IDs.
But that's just a short term thing and
not something we want to do.
So that's why this scope increase.
Yeah.
We got agreement for three months,
which puts this scope increase right
within our window.
So, and honestly, why do it twice, right?
So we might as well get it done for ATPI
at the same time.
Based on the last meeting we had,
we agreed that instead of treating,
we're not going to treat standalone ATPI
customers different than the ones that
are global.
all of that mapping,
we're going to do through the proper
mapping now by defining customer IDs,
okay, or roll ups if needed.
So the next question that comes from that
or stems from that,
we just need to go through a suggested
process for making that.
Work, OK.
It's on the relation tab where you see
that, yeah.
Um...
Relation Tad.
Yeah, perfect.
Yeah,
so they take this US Qualtrics customer
ID and they just add all the global
customer IDs to that.
And then every one of those global
customer IDs gets the exact same unit
Help.
mapping as this customer ID.
Salt Liz.
Now, this is already broken,
or is already about to break anyways,
because McDonald's now needs different
units for some of their global customer
IDs.
So it's not even going to work for them
long term anyways. Again,
a good reason why we're just going to go
to the full solution as we move forward.
Okay.
What going to full solution means is 2
parts: we gotta have,
we gotta have customer IDs for ATPI for
anyone who is in Avenir, make it into MDS.
Initially,
I'm suggesting that they get put into the
customer, the customer manually,
get added to the customer manually,
Yeah.
so we'd be still continue to sync
customer IDs from CentComm,
The.
but we'd add additional customer IDs for.
For ATPI.
The other part we'd have to do is...
So, so you you're adding like in this?
I don't understand what you mean.
What do you mean? Additional customer.
Go ahead.
I mean, right now.
We'd have to. Yeah.
But right now for this one, you know,
yeah,
you've got a Central Command customer ID
of call it,
but then the ATPI customer ID is 1902348
for that first one, which is Netherlands.
Yeah.
So you're going to add,
what you're saying is you're going to add
the 10 character cust ID that we have in
Central Command,
You.
plus you're going to add all those other
ones that are noted there.
In MDS for BS disk for ATPI.
Yes, for this cut for this situation,
we'd add all those extra customer IDs
Yes.
into the customer entity in MDS.
Exactly what I'm saying,
which will allow us to pick.
But you're not, you're not adding the,
this is the US,
Anne.
and you're going to add these, right?
No, while the US one's already there,
the US one's already there and gets
synced automatically.
We need to add these ones. Yes.
So you're.
Yeah.
And so,
and those all will have the same you did
Yeah.
mapping currently as in that folder 11
there.
Yes.
So we're going to add these all to MDS
manually, at least to start.
We can talk about other solutions
long-term,
but we don't have time for a better
I.
solution right now. So this is my, again,
this is my suggestion.
We're going to add these all to MDS
customer entity.
We're going to add them all with the same
customer rollup as Qualtrics customer ID.
And then we're going to map when we do
the unit mapping for this customer,
we're going to do it at the customer
rollup level.
Then that unit applies to every one of
these customers.
customer IDs instead of having to do the
mapping one by one. That way,
But, Tai.
it's not any more work than what we're
already doing,
Bob.
but it works across the board. Now,
in the McDonald's case,
Yeah.
where now some of these international
customer IDs need different unit mappings,
We're going to add all the unit mappings
that are consistent to the customer
rollup level,
and then we'll override it at the
customer ID level for the ones that have
to be different.
Oh, so you're gonna allow an override.
Yes, we allow customer level overrides.
The goal is to do most unit mapping at
the customer roll-up level,
which is going to make unit mapping so
Yeah.
much easier to manage,
because half of our customers,
OK, yeah.
they get a new customer ID,
the unit mappings don't change.
Yeah.
So why bother doing work, right?
But we do support the idea of overriding
Direct.
rollup,
overriding unit mappings at a customer ID
level,
and we'll have to do that on the
McDonald's example.
So, in in this particular, sorry, Cindy,
go ahead.
Sef.
Yeah.
Oh, you go first.
I think mine's a little side of.
Well, I mean, basically in MDS then,
you're going to have...
You're going to have a customer ID and
then a customer rollup that that customer
ID assigns to,
and then the customer rollup is going to
have the mapping.
Exactly, well, yeah, the customer, yeah,
yeah, exactly.
Other than the McDonald's situation where
we're gonna have overrides at the
Right.
customer ID level, yep.
Yeah.
We do have a few customers that do have
units different for the customer ID level.
There are some of our customer rollups
that we still have to manage at the
customer ID level once we get the core.
Right? So,
but that's once we get the core.
Not really pertinent right now.
Okay.
The last part of that, go ahead.
Okay, so my question was,
this manual step, is that just initially,
Yep.
or we're saying once MDS goes live with
you did mappings,
People.
we're going to have to manually continue
to add that because this is a moving,
Yeah.
this is moving.
Listen.
There you go.
which I need to source yet.
There's a whole discussion that has to go
on between the product management team,
which I've been trying to get them to
have for six months now,
and it hasn't moved forward,
Yeah.
around how to map how to keep our
customers aligned to a single account or
customer rollup.
as we move forward in the future.
That's not something I can control or
force, right? So for now,
we're going to have to do this until they
Ali.
get their act together.
When you say manually,
is that that you're still going to MDS
Yep.
and you're adding the customer,
or this is a script behind the scenes?
Yep.
No, you go to MDS and add the customer ID.
OK, that's.
The.
Yeah, it's the big difference is, yeah.
Yeah,
but versus sourcing spot Nana and picking
up a legal entity and getting.
The customer IDs or something like that.
Yes.
Yeah, versus another option, yeah. Well,
we'll look at that stuff long-term,
don't get me wrong, but I need,
there's so many.
Okay, now this is fun.
You meant something behind the same space.
Okay, now this is good. Go ahead.
Okay, all right. Okay,
so then the other thing for standalones,
we'll have to define a customer rollup
for those standalone customers.
So the ones that don't,
that are ATPI only.
So we'll have to define a customer rollup
for them again.
We'll just go into MDS,
define a customer roll up,
add their ATPI customer IDs with that
customer roll up,
so it's that that's almost the same as
anything else, so I,
as long as Norma is okay with that.
And then you have to just enter all the
units, right? Or...
I can't. Sorry. Say that again.
Are you going to have to enter all the
units or is there a set of standard ones
that automatically gets applied to this
customer rule?
There's a set of standard ones. Yep.
In MDS, we've got standards defined,
The.
just like we did in the old environment,
in the old concept.
Yeah,
so it's not it's not set up the same way
Yeah.
as Center Command is where we define each
unit at each place.
The only reason we did it that way in
Center Command was we were not planning
to keep this long.
We weren't planning to do this manually
in Center Command long term,
and people wanted it simplified in Center
Command, right?
So then we're stuck defining it.
all these standards every time.
We don't want to do that.
The standards is a reality in the MDS
world.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Does everyone agree with that approach?
Any concerns? Any...
If everyone agrees with that approach,
I'll kind of go in some of the extra
scope creep that happens because of this.
I'll go into some of the extra tasks and
things we have to be aware of.
Any concerns at all with it?
Nadine.
Help.
Norma, you're good.
Yeah, I'm good.
My only concern is knowing when the new
client comes on board.
So that's usually the gap.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and we'll continue to get notified about
muted mappings when people are going to
have a year. And at that point,
you'll just have to,
if it's a customer roll up that has to be
Yeah.
created,
you'll have to go to Norma's team or
someone else, whoever that is.
Maybe it's not Norma's team,
maybe it's the customer roll up people,
whoever doing that.
But for customers, I was thinking,
since they don't actually work with
customers in MDS,
that's a sync from CentComm perspective.
We just give your team Nadine the ability
to define the customers in the short term.
Does that make sense? And again,
those customers won't get the customer
data coming into MDS is a sync from
CentComm right now,
so it doesn't impact anything.
But we just got to change the process to
allow there to be other customers that
we're adding manually,
which is a discussion for Sean and me.
But as long as you're okay with that and
no one else has a concern,
I would suggest your team just gets the
ability to add customers to that customer
entity for the ATPI customers,
instead of you doing an extra step and
having to contact someone.
Does that make sense?
But wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
you're...
Yeah, either. Yeah. Go ahead, Norma.
Yep.
Yeah.
You're saying Nadine is going to add
customers to the in through CentComm app.
No, in MDS for ATPI customers only.
Okay.
Okay, ATPI customer values.
Stand alone. Yeah, stand alone. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, not just standalone,
every ATPI customer that needs Avenir.
We don't want to do,
we don't want to do stand Avenir stand.
Okay.
Good.
We don't want to do ATPI standalone
different than ATPI non-standalone.
It's just too confusing.
That's going to be all ATPI customers.
That is Avenir, yeah.
So I don't have to do any ads then, right?
Only if there's need for a customer
rollup, because that's true live data.
That's, you know,
I think that should stay with the other
Yeah, yeah.
side. Whether that's you or that team,
that's up to you to decide.
Yeah.
But.
Yeah.
So to me, I would be like,
I would probably be using the ATPI as
their customer ID,
unless there is a conflict with a
customer that we have in Central Command
that's got that same ID.
Would that be fair?
There is no conflicts on those ideas.
There are ideas that are very different
Good.
than ours.
Just throwing it out there.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, we are done,
and can you someone bring up the customer?
Can you bring up the customer entity?
Who's sharing? Is it Sean?
Can you bring up the customer entity?
Yeah, sure.
Is this the customer entity? I can't.
I'm like blind or something.
Yeah.
Probably my screen is...
Oh yeah, that's a customer. Okay. I just,
no, I'm just,
I think I'm just going old and blind.
Okay. So we'd make it so you can enter,
Yeah.
you can just enter the bare minimum,
right? The code, the ID and the name,
Bob.
right? And then the roll up, of course,
we need the roll up.
obviously, right?
So we wouldn't expect you to enter all
the other stuff because it's not being
used for anything other than just mapping
at this point.
If we ever want all the other stuff,
we'll get that from the right place.
So maybe the name, use their account,
yeah, name, their account code,
Yeah.
Here's.
and then it would just be validating the
roll-up code.
Yeah.
We'd either have to have a set roll-up
codes if it's a non-global consolidated
client.
Yeah,
if it's an if it's non if it's a
I guess that would be, yeah.
standalone or non-global,
you'd have to go to Norma's team to get
Understand blood. Yeah.
out of customer roll up team set up for
you.
Once that's set up or the customer rollup,
whoever's managing customer rollups,
you'd have to go to them to get a
customer rollup set up for you.
Yeah.
As soon as that's set up,
then you'd be able to finish the setup of
your customer.
So, Andrew, in MDS,
is the customer roll-up code that's
Help.
Yeah.
But.
Yep.
validated against a valid list of
customer roll-ups, right?
Yeah,
this drop-down comes from the what you
and I are working on.
Yep.
Okay.
Yeah,
it's called an entity-based attribute,
so it comes straight from customer rollup
that list.
Okay.
So they can't put anything in that's not
a customer rollup.
Okay.
That's why they need you to define it.
That's why they need you to define it
Yeah, that's not a valid value. Okay.
Yeah.
first.
Okay.
Yeah.
The only negative with this is we'll be
putting customer roll-ups in CentComm.
See.
Oh no, we're not,
because we're done when we set up that
customer roll-up, Norma,
you're just going to not click any of the
clients,
because you don't need to push it into
any of the CentComm clients.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that would be right.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah,
you just don't want to sign it to a
customer ID in a central hand.
Yeah, so that would stop that for sure,
by just not including any other clients.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay,
so the big change is we're going to have
to add another field to customer entity
to clearly distinguish the stuff that we
sync that's US-based, right,
versus the stuff we're doing manually.
Because we're going to have to have
different business rules for stuff we do
manually versus what we sync.
Sean, does that make sense?
When you say sync,
the customer list coming down from
S.
Snowflake or when we go to push it into
Central Command?
Uh, well,
we don't push customer definitions in
CentComm.
I'm talking about the customer process,
Well, so...
right?
Okay, okay. Yep.
Yeah.
Okay,
so and we're gonna have to make a quick
adjustment to the customer process so it
won't touch anything we're manually
adding.
which is again why that column is
important as well.
Gotcha.
OK.
But that Kellin.
So that's one of the scope increases.
Go ahead.
So, Andrew,
that column we talked about is in the MDS.
The.
Yes, okay.
Working with, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Does that make sense, Sean,
what I'm suggesting?
Yes, yes, I get the idea.
So we're going to have to have a task for
that change to the entity,
pre-populating it for the stuff that's
there, and a change, a small,
it's a minor change,
but a minor change to your customer sync
process that just went live a month ago
or whenever it was.
Yeah.
And I just found a problem with that.
The one you just found a problem with,
yes. You can do it all at once now.
Perfect, right?
Yeah, it's called efficiency.
That's what it's called.
Okay, the other thing is you're gonna,
another task is you're gonna have to look
at, re-look at your business rules,
because some of those business rules,
we're not gonna wanna hit Nadine with
having to fill in a whole bunch of fields
that we just don't care about at this
point for the ATPI customers, right?
Gotcha, okay.
So, you got you got the change,
you got the process,
So, yeah.
the sync process change,
and then you've got a business rule
review change.
Gotcha.
I don't think anything here changes on
the customer rollup side because we're
just not clicking DTDGCT for copying.
The fact there's extra customer rollups
in there doesn't matter because we won't
copy them anywhere.
So I can't think of any changes on the
customer rollup side.
Yeah.
Mm.
And then we need someone to populate all
the current ATPI customers in here from
what's already in CentComm.
Trying to think what other tasks there
are, but that's all I can really...
At first I thought this was going to be a
bigger deal than it is.
But that's all I could really think about
when I took this away, yes, the other day.
Is there something I'm missing, Sean?
Yeah.
The.
that you can think of right now?
No, nothing comes to mind at the moment.
But I mean, so Andrew,
you would populate at the customer level
Yeah.
the units that are standard, right,
for that customer?
Yeah, oh yes, that's another task.
We've had the one-time load in the ATPI
customer mappings. If they're not at a,
no,
a lot of them are at the customer roll-up
level anyways,
so we don't have to do anything.
The only one we're going to have to do
manually is the McDonald's one once we
understand that change.
Yeah.
Because all of the other ones,
as soon as we put that customer ID in.
Help.
Word in a word in a no.
As soon as we put that customer ID and
tie it to the same customer rollup,
that's going to do the same as what the
current process does, right?
Yeah.
It's gonna take it from that customer
roll-up level.
Right.
So, we should be good.
But I mean,
how are you populating the customer
Okay.
rollout with the you des in MBR?
Yes, yep.
Initially, I mean.
Yeah,
so and they'll be part of that same
customer rollup, so they'll inherit it.
We'll just have to make sure the mapping
OK.
Yeah.
was done at the customer rollup level,
as long as it was. If it wasn't,
then we got to review. So yeah,
let's add another task for reviewing.
So I hope you're taking notes, John.
I'm not doing a good job. Oh,
you got the recording.
She's got a good point.
We're gonna have to review the UDIN
mappings. Well, we need to re...
Have you already reloaded them from
production? I can't remember.
Uh, you did Meetings?
Yeah.
Custom and standard haven't been touched
since we populated it.
Okay, so we have to reload anyways.
After we reload,
then we're going to have to review and
make sure, oh,
we make that judgment call when we load
anyways.
That's when we made the decision to do it
at the customer roll up level.
No.
But we're just going to have to consider
whether there's ATPI when we make that
decision, Sean.
Gotcha.
Does that make sense?
Makes sense, makes sense.
OK.
Okay, and then there is other changes,
of course, on the push, right?
The scope on the push has changed now.
We're still going to push to the flexi
fields for non ATPI or the core data,
but we're going to have to come up with
another custom table in CentComm.
for the ATPI data.
But.
Is that for a custom set of tables for
the ATPI data?
And then we're going to have to work with
send command team to update the view that
pulls that all together to use by the
custom object for the web API that
reformat calls.
So there are some tasks on that side too.
I meant more on the MDS side earlier when
I said that was all the tasks I think of.
But there are some scope increases on
that other side as well.
Does that make sense, Sean?
So your task is a little bit more complex
because you're pulling from two sources
or you're pushing into two sources in
CentComm,
the flexi fields and a custom table.
And the custom table,
we're just going to have to do straight
SQL.
We're not going to build an API around it
Okay.
or anything, right?
Right, yeah, I kind of assumed with this,
the ADFX mapping and this new table,
Yeah.
we would just do straight SQL.
Okay.
Oh yeah,
we could do it since we're doing straight
SQL for the custom,
there's nothing that we could do straight
SQL for the flexi field too.
Yeah.
Because again,
and those are just typical CRUD
Yeah.
operations.
There's not like the complexity we have
with some of the other data that we
update in there.
Flexi fields are a pain updates.
You have to there's these sequence
numbers you have to update when you do it
through the backend.
So I'll have to go through that with you.
The custom table is going to be the
Okay.
simple part.
Okay, gotcha.
Yeah, flexi fields aren't the most fun,
but it's not hard, it's just annoying.
Help.
I'm assuming there's no API for that or
do we is it worth asking the ERP team?
Yeah.
There is an,
you can go through APIs to update flexi
fields.
We've never done it so far that I'm aware
of.
Oh no, we did.
You had to do it for Salesforce. Yeah.
I was thinking, yeah.
The opt-out flag, I think, right?
Mm.
It was the Salesforce ID too. Sales, no,
the opt-out flag is a relation.
Isn't that?
Thanks for.
The Salesforce ID was the flexi field.
Okay.
Yeah.
So yeah, you've done a flexi field.
So if you want to do,
if you want to do web API for the flexi
field, you can. That is an option.
But obviously the custom table is a SQL
push. So again, totally your call, okay?
Sure, sure, sure.
Okay, so MDS,
we need some kind of wage to track
Bob.
whether this is ATPI or not.
Yeah,
that flag I talked to you about would be
what you want there, right?
Right. And then we need to,
I need to modify the sync process for the
customer entity.
And then we can review the how we're
going to push this into such a command
Yeah.
when we get to that point. OK.
Yeah.
Okay.
Perfect.
So, Amanda, on your side of the equation.
When it gets to you.
The only difference on your push is
you're gonna have to carry that flag that
Yeah.
Sean does for us through.
But I have to carry that flag. Ohh,
there is one other thing I just realized.
We're going to have to consume those ATPI
customer IDs from our customer table into
Snowflake.
Yeah, where do I have to consume that in?
So there's another data engineering task
that we'll have to...
Yeah, shoot. So that's another item.
Because they won't be on the sync over
from central command.
It'll be based on this MDS customer list.
Is that, yeah.
Exactly, yeah.
Yeah.
So, we'll have to consume that in.
Okay, so I have to consume that.
I'll have to talk to you or Amanda.
I'll have you work with data engineering
to put that on their list.
Okay.
Does that make sense, Amanda?
Mhm.
Likewise,
I'll have to work with data engineering
on the customer sync task because
tomorrow my role changes.
The customer sync task.
Exciting.
where we bring, we take Snowflake,
we get the customers from Snowflake,
and we bring it down into MGS.
I don't think that would go to data
engineering.
That's us consuming data from Snowflake.
But it's done via Informatica.
Oh, shoot.
Because that was done originally using
Informatica. Okay. Yeah,
they're keeping ownership of that.
So you're right. I forgot about that.
Yeah, that's a fair statement.
And for the ATPI,
and for that the attribute on the
So.
customer is ATPI flag sufficient,
or does it need to be more?
Do you think it needs to be more specific?
Does ATPI flag?
I wasn't even gonna call it ATPI
necessarily. Let's think of that a bit.
I was just trying to get everything in my
Okay.
head out, but...
Gotcha. Okay, sorry, sorry.
Yeah.
Sorry, I'm part of data engineering team.
I can do that for you.
Okay.
Oh, there you go. Yeah.
Awesome, awesome!
Oops.
Yeah, yeah, that's true.
Hapta's right on the call, though.
Hey, guys.
Just.
I'll have to drop. Sorry guys,
I have to drop for another call.
Okay, thanks, Cindy.
Does this all make sense to you?
Thanks.
OK, thanks.
You're good?
Yeah, I think so.
Okay.
Okay,
so we need to take all these tasks to
back to David.
Okay.
Mhm.
Do you mind documenting up with what we
talked about and sending it out, Sean?
Yeah, yeah, as soon as we're done,
I'll take the transcript and get it
Is that okay?
summarized and sent out to everybody.
Okay, perfect. Norma, you're good.
You're happy. Not too much extra for you.
Yeah, it's good.
Let me know what you need to do.
And who do you want us to go to or who do
you want the reporting team to go to if
there's a new customer rollup needed?
For this particular case,
that it's that it doesn't go through the
But I mean...
standard, you know,
when somebody has a new customer,
it goes through the workflow.
Yeah.
and those people, I set them up.
But in this case where there's no
customers, will we be,
because it's not going to come through
workflow,
then you need to come through CentCom
Help and I can do it.
Okay, okay.
So Nadine will go through CentCom Help,
Thank you.
Help.
so we're good there.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah.
You're good on this process, Nadine,
for now,
with the long-term goal that we'll get
the ATPI customers a different route.
Yep.
Yeah.
Okay.
OK.
So this document right here that you're
looking at for the UDID mapping,
is this based on what's in central
command now and that's what you're going
to validate it against?
Or is it going to be a task for someone
on my team to try and cross-reference
with what's in central command and
Yes.
do this update.
That was the only outstanding I had.
Oh,
when this goes live in MDS becomes the
source, right?
What is that what you're asking?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, I might be misunderstanding.
So, when...
Eugene, are you?
Okay.
Yeah, sorry, Sean, go ahead.
No, no, I was just asking, like,
are you asking like,
is this data stale or like do we need to
reload this? Is that what you should?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, okay.
I had a feeling you were going down that
Yeah.
path. I would be,
because I would be if I was you. Andrew.
Yes.
We came up,
I don't know if you remember this, Sean,
we came up with a way to load this.
that we were going to rerun again later
to load the changes.
We'd be following that.
That process has manual intervention.
It's not automated by any means.
And that manual intervention is when we
decided whether the mapping stays at a
roll-up or at a customer ID level.
So yeah, right before we go live,
we're going to have to go through those
steps.
And we're probably going to go through
Okay.
those steps right before we do testing as
well. Does that make sense, Nadine?
Yeah.
Ohh.
Yeah, that's where I was.
That's where I was going. Thank you.
Yep.
Yeah, they're not fun steps, so,
but poor Sean stuck,
No, yeah. Yeah.
I just didn't want to be like, okay,
poor Sean stuck with it, but yes, we did,
we...
Yeah.
now we've got, you know,
80 Avenir clients and, you know,
somebody has to spend the time to put in
every single one of their muteds in onto
MDS. So if it's, yeah.
No, no, we're gonna do it for you.
We're gonna do it for you,
Yeah.
Then it'll be after that one time upload,
and then we're gonna...
then it'll be, you know,
everything needs to be done by our team.
And that's the source of truth. Cool.
Yes.
Yes, and then a few months down the road,
after we've moved out of our buying orbit,
and after you've used the Sef for a while,
this is where the standard units for...
Across the board, it's supposed to go.
The core will,
there'll be a project to move the core
mappings in here as well.
Perfect.
Awesome. Yeah, 100%.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
And then we'll, then we'll be,
we'll be good to go.
And then, yeah,
there's other tasks that happen after
that or as part of that.
That's a decent sized project in its own.
And then eventually everything will be
mapped this way. Well, for all our units.
Well, at least in the US,
Canada side of the world.
Yeah.
Walker.
Okay,
I think we're good then if there's no
other discussion points. Amanda,
did you get everything you need?
Understanding?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
So there's just going to be that extra
flag for ATPI, right?
And I'm just going to have to add that in.
The most complex thing you're gonna have
to do, Amanda,
is for every ATPI customer tied to a
customer roll-up,
you have to apply that customer roll-ups
units to that ATPI customer.
OK.
But that's what you have to do anyways
for a regular customer.
So maybe your logic doesn't change a lot.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe it's just that flag.
Okay.
Yeah, you might be right.
Want to be just based on the standalone
ones?
She has to look at the other table to get
those.
No, she had from an MDS point of view,
they're all one place. She's got them.
Sean has to push it into two different
tables once he pushes the send command,
Okay.
but Amanda is doing the prep work to get
Sean to that point.
Yeah.
Sean, actually thinking about it,
I guess you just probably want Amanda to
create two.
Two separate.
What do you call it?
Two separate snowflake views for you.
Tables.
Right?
One for what goes into flexi field and
Yeah.
one for what goes into custom table.
Yeah, yeah, that could work.
That'd probably make your life easier,
right?
Yeah, yeah, because yeah,
then each integration would be
responsible for that one.
Entity or object, so yeah, yeah.
Okay, so Amanda, we'll change that.
We'll nix that.
We won't add a flag on your end.
We'll just add,
we'll just add an extra materialized view
for you for the ATPI stuff.
Does that make sense, Amanda?
Yeah.
Yeah, that works.
It's actually going to be easier that way
because you know all that extra stuff you
got to do like put on attribute IDs and
all that stuff.
You're not going to have to do any of
that on the custom table.
Sure,
you've already done the work for send
Because what?
command, but...
It should, it should be pretty easy,
the custom table part.
Because we can totally dictate the
structure of that table and we're going
to manage that table. Is that?
Exactly. Yeah.
Gotcha. Okay.
And we don't have to have all those
hundreds of all those extra columns that
FlexiField has by default that you can't
control, right?
But I need to worry about for some reason.
Yep.
You need to worry about for some reason,
yes, you do.
Just like you got to fill in your
sequence numbers properly.
There's two of them.
Yep.
Okay.
All right, I think we got a,
I think we got a good idea. So,
if anyone thinks any, well,
we'll get the summary from Sean,
Mhm.
make sure it's proved out.
The first thing we should probably do,
Sean, is define is design that table,
how we what we want to store.
Ch.
for your process to move forward, right?
Or for, yeah, design that table.
That way we can hand off what we need
from Amanda in the second and
materialized view.
Does that make sense?
Yeah,
because then that gives her a target.
We have a target for that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, we have a target and then that also,
as soon as we can dummy load some data in
there and that gives David something to,
or David's team something to work on for
the custom object and the view.
We'll ask them if they want to update the
view that they're using for the custom
object or if they want us to do it.
I don't care either way.
Does that make sense?
Mhm, mhm.
Yeah,
how they want to implement it is up to up
to them,
but it just needs to work like per our
requirements.
Oh no,
so how they do it is each custom object
Yeah.
that they set up as a web API,
they create a view within the database.
Uh-huh.
So either we can edit the view for them
if they don't have time,
or we can let them edit the view to pull
the additional data from your custom
table.
Okay, okay.
Do you know what I mean?
Yep.
Yeah.
So that's one of the tasks is to update
the view for the object.
The object definition is actually not
going to change at all.
It's just now they're sourcing the data
into that custom object that forms the
basis of the web API that changes.
And that web API has nothing to do with
view. That's what reformat calls.
To get the data, right?
Okay.
Okay, alright.
I'll leave it at that. We'll see,
hopefully,
the hopefully thing can document it.
I'm sorry I'm all over the place.
I'm just trying to get everything I was
thinking about the last few days out of
my head and make sure everyone's on the
same page. Thanks, everyone.
Thanks, sir. Thanks, La.
Talk to you later. Bye.
Thank you.
It.